Trigonometry - Math 1060
Dr. Andrew Misseldine



Course Description:
An exploration of the properties and applications of trigonometric functions. 
Students will represent physical situations and solve applied problems using trigonometric tools and appropriate technology. 
Topics include angle measure, solving triangles, and trigonometric functions, graphs, equations, and identities. 
Vectors, polar coordinates, and complex numbers will also be introduced.



Course Flow:
Topics are organized by Chapter and Section, corresponding to a course textbook.
The course textbook, Trigonometry by Dr. Andrew Misseldine, can be found at https://github.com/emisseldine/Math1060/book.pdf
Each chapter is organized by topic and contains a few sections exploring topics in detail.
Starting with Chapter 1, Section 1, students should follow the topics in the numerical order as presented. 

This course is organized into 15 modules, consisting of typically three lessons and three assignments.
To begin the course, students should begin with module 1: https://github.com/emisseldine/Math1060/module01

Each section constitutes a single lesson.
Each lesson contains several lecture videos, created by Dr. Andrew Misseldine, covering the materials of the section.
Each video is about 5-15 minutes in length.
The collection of all the videos in the lesson is about 30-50 minutes in length. 
Links to individual videos are provided. 
All videos are hosted on YouTube.
Many videos have practice exercises, where students should attempt to solve before moving onto the next video. 
Solutions to each practice exerice is provided.
At the end of each lesson, is a writing prompt.
Students are encouraged to complete each of these writing prompts before moving on to the next lesson.

The assignments in each module consist of two types: claswork and quizzes.
Each classwork assignment (CW) consists of a collection of exercises on topics covered in this or the previous module's topics.
CW is presented in a PDF file, with section numbers provided for reference.
Final solutions of all exercises in CW are provided.
The exercises in CW are more advanced than the practice exerices found in the lessons themselves.
Each quiz, a PDF file, is much shorter, consisting of 2-4 questions each.
The quiz question are more advanced than the CW.
Solutions to the quizzes are not provided.

At the end of each unit is an exam, a PDF file. 
Solutions to the exams are provided.
